model/profile: add symbolization information (#2522)
open-telemetry/semantic-conventions: docs/registry/attributes/profile.md

| `ruby` | [Ruby](https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Ruby_(programming_language)) | ![Development](https://img.shields.io/badge/-development-blue) |
| `rust` | [Rust](https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Rust_(programming_language)) | ![Development](https://img.shields.io/badge/-development-blue) |
| `v8js` | [V8JS](https://wikipedia.org/wiki/V8_(JavaScript_engine)) | ![Development](https://img.shields.io/badge/-development-blue) |

## Pprof specific attributes for the Profiling signal

> Attributes specific to pprof that helps to convert Profiling signals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Attributes specific to pprof that help convert from pprof to Profiling signal.
```

> Attributes specific to pprof that help convert from pprof to Profiling signal.

Reviewer 2: Right, something like we have for Prometheus <> OTLP: https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otel/compatibility/prometheus_and_openmetrics/#prometheus-metric-points-to-otlp

> Attributes specific to pprof that help convert from pprof to Profiling signal.

Author: > Is there more information on this conversion - something we can link to?

For the moment, there is just the convertibility promise as stated in https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-proto/issues/567#issuecomment-2286565449. With the release of OTel proto v1.8.0, we want to contribute a pprof <-> OTel profiling processor. But this is still work in progress. And for this processor these attributes are essential, otherwise information will get lost in the conversion of pprof <-> OTel profiling.

| Attribute | Type | Description | Examples | Stability |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| <a id="profile-pprof-location-is-folded" href="#profile-pprof-location-is-folded">`profile.pprof.location.is_folded`</a> | boolean | Provides an indication that multiple symbols map to this location's address, for example due to identical code folding by the linker. In that case the line information represents one of the multiple symbols. This field must be recomputed when the symbolization state of the profile changes. |  | ![Development](https://img.shields.io/badge/-development-blue) |
| <a id="profile-pprof-mapping-has-filenames" href="#profile-pprof-mapping-has-filenames">`profile.pprof.mapping.has_filenames`</a> | boolean | Indicates that there are filenames related to this mapping. |  | ![Development](https://img.shields.io/badge/-development-blue) |
| <a id="profile-pprof-mapping-has-functions" href="#profile-pprof-mapping-has-functions">`profile.pprof.mapping.has_functions`</a> | boolean | Indicates that there are functions related to this mapping. |  | ![Development](https://img.shields.io/badge/-development-blue) |

> | <a id="profile-pprof-mapping-has-inline-frames" href="#profile-pprof-mapping-has-inline-frames">`profile.pprof.mapping.has_inline_frames`</a> | boolean | Indicates that there are inlined frames related to this mapping. |  | ![Development](https://img.shields.io/badge/-development-blue) |

Reviewer: Nit: For consistency in terminology, we've so far used "inlined functions" but "inline frames".

```suggestion
| <a id="profile-pprof-mapping-has-inline-frames" href="#profile-pprof-mapping-has-inline-frames">`profile.pprof.mapping.has_inline_frames`</a> | boolean | Indicates that there are inline frames related to this mapping. |  | ![Development](https://img.shields.io/badge/-development-blue) |
```
